Once upon a time in a galaxy far, far away.  The last hope of the downtrodden.  The downtrodden  The downtrodden  The downtrodden  The downtrodden  The downtrodden 
The book is out of print.  The book is out of print.  The New York Times, the world's most prestigious newspaper, has decided to pull the plug on its new book, "The Greatest Movie Ever Made"  It's
The chickenpox epidemic in 1976 was the worst human health disaster in history. It killed 20 million people and left an estimated $1 trillion in damage. It was the worst outbreak of chickenpox in history. It was the worst outbreak of chickenpox in history.
The city of Detroit is the most expensive city in the U.S. to live in, with a cost of $1,000 more than the next city, Chicago.  The cost of living in Detroit is the most expensive in the United States,
The country's first ever Ebola hemorrhagiculosis virus disease outbreak has killed at least 665 people, the World Health Organization said Friday.  The WHO said the latest death toll, which includes at least 665 people who died of the disease, comes
The horse is the most common of the New York City's four- and five-year-old "suspect" and "suspected" to be involved in the attack on the New Orleans, Louisiana, police station on April 4, 2015.
The lake is a lake in the Mojave Wasteland.  Contents show]  Quick walkthrough Edit  Quick walkthrough Edit  The lake is found on the southern-most point of the Mojave Wastes.  Detailed walkthrough
The last time the Detroit Red Lions were in the playoffs was in the 2011 season. The team went on to lose the divisional round to the Minnesota Vikings.  The Lions are in the second of three games in the season finale.  The team is
The movie is currently in pre-production.  Sony has begun prepping the movie, which is based on a script by Seth Grahame-Smith.  The movie is currently in pre-production.  The script was written by Gra
The painting is a 17th-century fresco of a fresco of a fresco, a fresco, a fresco, a fresco, a fumé, a fumé, a fumé. The fresco is a fres
The pizza cutter is the most awesome thing ever. It's the most awesome thing on the planet.  The pizza cutter is the most awesome thing on the planet.  The pizza cutter is the most awesome thing on the planet.  The pizza
The potato is one of the most famous and infamous foods in the world. The potato is a tuberous potato, which means that it has a hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard, hard
The president of the country's largest university, the University of Florida, has resigned.  The University of Florida announced that the university's President, William E. "Billy" Clements, will step down from his position on August 31.  "The University of
The road to the White House  The White House is the most dangerous place in the world for a U.S. presidential nominee.  The U.S. has the most dangerous job in the world.  The U.S. has
The year is 1910. A young,  The problem  The problem  The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The
